In this Seoul Travel Guide for Food Lovers I’m going to share with you practical information about where to stay, how to get around, and most importantly, what to eat when you’re in Seoul.
There are a lot of amazing things about Seoul, but for you and I as food lovers, it’s the never ending amount of delicious food that makes Seoul such an exciting city.
Seoul Travel Guide for Food Lovers!
Incheon International Airport near Seoul
Arriving and Leaving Seoul
There are a number of ways you could enter Seoul, but likely, if you take an international flight from a different country, you’ll land at Incheon International Airport.
Incheon International Airport
Incheon International Airport is a giant airport that caters to basically the entire northern part of South Korea, and is located approximately 1 hour by train from the center of Seoul. The airport is very nice and modern with easy transportation facilities (and there’s free wifi as well). I’ve even spent the night at Seoul Incheon Airport before, and it’s a pretty decent place to spend the night if you need to.
Getting from the airport to Seoul: The easiest way to get from the airport to the center of Seoul is by train. Once you get out of customs, follow the signs for the Airport Railroad, and you’ll have to cross over the road (either over or on ground) and get to the adjacent building which is the train station. There are a couple different options:

Express Train – This is the faster high speed train that goes directly from Incheon Airport to Seoul Station, and if you want to make sure you have a seat or if you have a lot of baggage this might be the best option. It takes about 43 minutes and the price is 14,800 Won ($12.62) per person.
Seoul Metro – I’ve never taken the express train, because the metro goes the same route, only take a few minutes longer and costs much less. But it does stop at 11 different stations along the way, and it can be busy, so you may need to stand. It takes about 56 minutes and costs 3,250 Won ($2.77).

You can read more information here, also scroll below to the Transportation section of this guide for more information about buying subway tickets and getting around Seoul.
Visa – No Visa Required
Another wonderful thing about visiting South Korea is that for many nationalities, getting a 90 day or 30 day stamp on arrival is a breeze. However, make sure you do your own research for your own nationality. If you qualify, all you have to do is fill out the small entry card (which you’ll be given on your flight), fly into Incheon International Airport, go through immigration, and they’ll stamp you into South Korea.
Alright, now you’re in Seoul!
Taking the Train Around South Korea
If you’re traveling onwards from Seoul to other parts of South Korea, taking the train is one of the most convenient ways to get around. Many trains to other parts of South Korea leave from either Seoul Station, Yongsan Station, or Cheongnyangni Station.
It’s recommended to book your train tickets a few days ahead of time so you can confirm that you’ll have a seat.
From Seoul my wife and I traveled to the food paradise of Jeonju, and we pre-booked out ticket the day before we left.
Here’s some information to help you choose where you stay.
Where To Stay In Seoul?
Seoul is a huge city and there are many different areas to stay in depending on your interests.
However, what I noticed about places to stay in Seoul, is because the public transportation system is so efficient and convenient to use, it’s not hugely important which area you stay in (as long as you’re somewhat central), because you can always get to where you need to go.
Seoul has nearly every form of accommodation available from modern hostels to major 5 star hotel brands. Prices for accommodation are overall quite high, but you do have plenty of options.
In this Seoul travel blog guide, I’m going to share a few of the main areas that you should consider and why:

Jung-Gu and Jongno-Gu – These two districts are what I would call the most central to Seoul sightseeing and shopping and right in the heart of the downtown area of Seoul. You’ll find many hotels in this area and it’s a great area to stay if you want easy access to the famous attractions without spending much time on the metro.
Myeongdong – Myeondong is one of the biggest shopping districts in Seoul, and it’s home to lots of restaurants, hotels and trendy fashion and nightlife. Stay in Myeongdong to be surrounded by shopping.
Seoul Station (Yongsan-Gu) – The area around Seoul Station is huge, and you’ll find both high end and lower end hotels. There’s not so much to do or see right at Seoul Station (although it’s very close to Namdaemun market and Myeondong), but it’s convenient for transportation.
Hongdae (Hongik University) – Hongdae is located in Western Seoul and it’s known especially for being a university town and therefore there’s plenty of shopping, restaurants, street food, and nightlife. It’s overall a great local area of Seoul and a fun area to walk around and explore. There are lots of guest houses in this area, so it’s a good place to looks for budget to mid-range accommodation.
Gangnam-Gu – Finally, there’s Gangnam, which is an area of Seoul that is known for being high end and very trendy. There are some very fancy and upscale hotels in this area.

Where did I stay?
Airbnb Rental (<- use that link for a $25 discount) – I’ve stayed at a number of hotels in Seoul, but on my latest trip, when my wife and I were writing this Seoul travel guide, we stayed at a rental apartment near Seoul Station. I think an apartment rental works quite well in Seoul, especially if you’re traveling with a group of friends or family so you can all be together and get a pretty decent deal.
Phil House – I also stayed at Phil House, a small and friendly hotel that’s clean and modern. The only problem is that it’s located a little far from central Seoul (but close to the Subway station), but it’s usually a pretty good price.
*NOTE: The link to hotels above are affiliate links, meaning that if you make a booking I will get a small commission at NO extra expense to you. Your support will help me continue making free travel guides like this. Thank you!
Seoul travel and food guide – eating Korean bbq!
10 of My Favorite Korean Foods
I’m a huge fan of Korean food and especially the Korean feasts where a mind-blowing array of main and side dishes are placed on the table before you.
I’ve listed a few of my absolute favorite Korean foods I’ve tried so far, and dishes that you can find across Seoul and South Korea. This is not an extensive list, just a samplers platter of a few of my personal favorites.

Banchan (side dishes) – Let’s begin with banchan, which is the name used to describe the multitude of Korean side dishes that can include all sorts of mini plates of pickles, chili marinated bits, fritters, and even sometimes little bites of leftovers. While a main dish might be the heart of Korean food, the banchan side dishes are the body, they make a meal function and make a meal complete. Kimchi is one of the most common banchan.
Gamjatang (pork bone potato stew) – This soup is made with pork spine bones and potatoes which are boiled until the meat left is fall apart tender. You can usually order the kimchi version, which is absolutely sensational. Of all the food mentioned in this Seoul travel guide blog, this is one of my absolute favorite dishes.
Gogigui (all things grilled meat) – One of the ultimate Korean meals are pieces of meat, grilled on your table before you with all the side dishes and dipping sauces. Korean barbecue is incredibly delicious.
Sundubu Jjigae (kimchi stew) – Mainly made with un-curdled tofu and lots of red chili flakes, sundubu jjiggae is both spicy and richly flavorful. The tofu is so good it almost tastes likes scrambled eggs.
Naengmyeon (type of noodles) – Of all the Korean noodle dishes, naengmyeon which is a type of buckwheat noodle with some other starches mixed in and served icy cold, is one of my personal favorites. The chewy texture and surprising icy-ness makes this dish fantastic.
Samgyetang (ginseng chicken soup) – Known to be a health dish, but also really delicious, samgyetang is a Korean spring chicken ginseng soup. A whole young chicken is typically stuffed with rice and garlic, and boiled with ginseng and jujube.
Godeungeo-gui (grilled fish) – Any chance that I can get to eat fish, I take it, as fish is one of my personal favorite things to eat. In Seoul you’ll find a dish called godeungeo-gui, which is grilled salted mackerel. The fish is usually nice and oily (full of delicious oils), and goes great with rice and kimchi.
Mandu (dumplings) – Many cultures around the world have some kind of dumpling, and in Korea, mandu are meat and vegetable filled dumpling pockets. They can either be steamed or deep fried, and they are delicious either way.
Hanjeongsik (full set meal) – Hanjeongsik, a Korean full set meal, is one of the ultimate Korean meal experiences. An array of food that will literally cover every square centimeter of your table is placed before you, including a mix of main and side dishes. It’s a dream come true for food lovers.
Patbingsu (shaved ice dessert) – This last Korean food on the list is a dessert that is not my personal favorite, but it’s one of my wife’s favorites. The literal translation is red beans and ice, but they have become somewhat of a national and international Korean shaved ice phenomena full of bright and colorful toppings. Here are some of the famous places to eat patbingsu in Seoul.

Also, be sure to check out my more extensive list of top Korean food here.
Dakkochi – grilled Korean skewers of chicken is an amazing street food
Korean Street Food
When it comes to Korean street food in Seoul, there are both traditional snacks and also many modern trendy street foods.
I’m personally a huge fan of more of the traditional Korean street food dishes (ex. rice rolls, blood sausage), but not so much of a fan of the modern trendy things you’ll find on the streets and at shopping markets (ex. hot dogs, sweets).
Here’s a mix of some of the most common street foods you should try when you’re in Seoul.

Tteokbokki (rice cake rolls in chili sauce) – This is probably the most common Korean street food snack, which includes bite sized rice cakes braised in a tangy chili based sauce. You’ll find tteokbokki at countless street food stalls throughout Seoul, and it’s especially common for young people.
Gimbap (seaweed rice rolls) – This is one of the greatest Korean street food snacks in my opinion, Korean rice and seaweed rolls. The rolls can be filled with a combination of mostly vegetables, and what I really love about them is the common use of sesame seeds and sesame oil to give them a wonderful taste and aroma.
Dakkochi (grilled chicken skewers) – Another one of my favorite street foods featured in this Seoul travel guide are dakkochi, skewers of chicken and leek, grilled to perfection and either seasoned with salt or with red chili paste.
Twigim (deep fried nuggets) – Twigim can refer to a variety of bite sizes fritters, which are battered and deep fried. They are often compared as Korean tempura.
Odeng (oden) – Similar to Japanese oden, but called odeng in Korea, it consists of various fishcakes and vegetables on skewer boiled in dashi broth.
Hotteok (stuffed pancake) – Hotteok is a stuffed pancake that can either be sweet or savory. I’m partial to the salty version, sometimes filled with sweet potato noodles and bulgogi. They are oily and delicious.
Gamja dog (deluxe hot dog) – Yes, I had to end with the gamja dog, the creation that is a hot dog on a stick, covered in French fries.

If you love food, you have to visit Gwangjang Market in Seoul
A few of must-visit places for street food in Seoul:

Gwangjang Market – One of the ultimate places for traditional Korean street food
Namdaemun Market – Snacks all over and busy environment
Myeong-dong – Lots of modern Korean street food, especially in the afternoon and evening
Dongdaemun Food Street – There’s a street with a bunch of Korean food stalls during the day, located at Dongdaemun Market.

When you’re walking around Seoul and if you see other street food snacks like steamed silk worms, water chestnuts, or fruit, be sure to give them a try!
Get ready to eat at lots of Korean restaurants in Seoul
Are you enjoying the photos in this guide? Check out the camera I use here.
Restaurants in Seoul
There are not only thousands of restaurants in Seoul, but there are literally thousands of really good restaurants in Seoul. So in this Seoul travel guide, I’m writing from my personal experience about restaurants and dishes that I enjoyed. However, I haven’t even come close to eating at a measurable percentage of all the restaurants in Seoul.
The point I want to make is: Don’t limit yourself to just the restaurants I’ve mentioned below, but do some research in the area you’re staying in and you’ll likely find similar restaurants.
If you see a good looking restaurant, check it out. It probably will be really good. Ok, now that I’ve said that, here are a few of the restaurants I ate at:

Jaedong Sundubu – This place serves a seriously amazing bowl of sundubu jjiggae (soft tofu stew). Address: Bukchon-ro 2-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea; How to get there: Take the subway to Anguk station and Exit #2.
Bukchon Son Mandu – This famous restaurant in Seoul serves mandu dumplings, both steamed and fried, and an awesome bowl of naengmyeon, cold buckwheat noodles. Address: Branches in Insadong and within the Bukchon Hanok Village (original branch); Open hours: 11 am – 10 pm daily; Prices: About 5,000 – 10,000 Won ($4.27 – $8.53) per person.
예송숯불갈비 (for grilled meat, sorry not sure of the English name) – This is just a local typical neighborhood grilled meat restaurant near Seoul Station that serves both pork and beef. I liked it because it was friendly and no-frills, just good food and a nice atmosphere. Address: ; Open hours: 10:30 am – 11:30 pm daily; Another good option for grilled meat in Seoul is New Village Restaurant.
Hanchu (한추 fried chicken and beer) – I got this restaurant recommendation from my friends Dan and Jeffrey of Foodiehub. Hanchu does crazy good fried chicken, and their trick is they add some pounded fresh chili to the batter. Address: 549-9 Sinsa-dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul; Open hours: 5 pm – 3 am daily; Prices: One whole fried chicken is 17,000 Won ($14.50).
Jinjujip (진주집) – Oxtail soup (kkori gomtang) is a dish that Koreans do very well, and while I enjoyed, it seemed to be overpriced. But never the less, it was pretty good. This place is located within the back alley of Namdaemun Market. Open hours: I’m not fully sure, but I think it’s mainly a lunch restaurant; How to get there: Namdaemun Market, take the metro to Hoehyeon Station, Exit 5; Price – 21,000 Won ($17.62) for the oxtail soup, which was very pricey.
Gogung (고궁 – 인사동점) Bibimbap – Bibimbap is a famous Korean dish of rice and toppings all mixed together. When you’re in Insadong (there’s also a branch in Myeong-dong), this is a great place to try bibimbap. Address: 38 Gwanhun-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul 110-300, South Korea; Open hours: 11 am – 9:30 pm daily; How to get there: Take the metro to Anguk Station, Exit 6.
Dongdaemun Grilled Fish Street – Located near the Dongdaemun Market in the Pyeonghwa Market, there’s a street, more like a walking alley, that’s filled with grilled fish restaurants. They all looked pretty similar, and they all remain quite local. The fish was salty and grilled to perfection. How to get there: Take the metro to Dongdaemun Station, Exit 9, walk up the street to the market, and then cut into the alley.
Namdaemun Hairtail Alley – Similar to the grilled fish alley, but this time within Namdaemun Market, there’s a hairtail fish alley where you’ll find a number of restaurants serving a spicy hairtail (cutlassfish) chili stew. I had it for the first time on this trip to Seoul, and it’s now one of my favorite Korean dishes. Open hours: throughout lunch and early evening, probably best to go at lunch, and some restaurants are closed on Sunday; How to get there: To get to Namdaemun market, take the metro to Hoehyeon Station, Exit 5.
Gamjatang near Seoul Station – On this trip to Seoul, this was my first meal, as soon as my wife and I got to Seoul Station we were hungry. Just outside the station, across the street from Exit 15 is a nice neighborhood restaurant to eat gamjatang. How to get there: Seoul Station to Exit 15, cross the street and walk to your right hand side.

I’ve included most of these restaurants and everything within this Seoul travel guide on the Seoul map below (or you can look at it here)